---
title: Terms and Conditions
updated: 2020-02-20 12:54
---
By downloading or using the apps, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the apps. You’re not allowed to copy, or modify the apps, any part of the apps, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Señor Gato.

Señor Gato is committed to ensuring that the apps are as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the apps or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the apps or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.

The ReVerb and Paper Finder apps stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide my Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the ReVerb and Paper Finder apps won’t work properly or at all.

You should be aware that there are certain things that Señor Gato will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the apps will require the apps to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but Señor Gato cannot take responsibility for the apps not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.

If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the apps, or other third party charges. In using the apps, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the apps outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the apps, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the apps.

Along the same lines, Señor Gato cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the apps i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, Señor Gato cannot accept responsibility.

With respect to Señor Gato’s responsibility for your use of the apps, when you’re using the apps, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. Señor Gato accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the apps.

At some point, we may wish to update the apps. The apps are currently available on Android & iOS – the requirements for both systems (and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the apps. Señor Gato does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android & iOS version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the applications when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the apps, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the apps, and (if needed) delete it from your device.

**Changes to This Terms and Conditions**

I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me at jesus.sangomez@gmail.com.

This Terms and Conditions page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
